Mic Check
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
Come through, dig the sound
I swear the whole world could feel you MC
Crowd around
I used to cop a lot, but never copped no drop
Hold mics like pony tails tight and bob a lot
Stop and stick around, come through and dig the sound
Of the fly brown 6-0 sicko psycho who throws his dick around
Bound to go three-plat, came to destroy rap
It's a intricate plot of a b-boy strapped
Femstat cats get kidnapped
Then release a statement to the press, let the rest know who did that
Metal Fist terrorists claim responsibility
Broken household name usually said in hostility
Um... what is MF? You silly
I'd like to take "Means to the End" for two milli'
"Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!" That's a audio daily double
Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble, yo
Watch your own back came in and go out alone, black
Stay in the zone—turn H2O to Cognac
On Doomsday, ever since the womb
‘Til I'm back where my brother went, that's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?
I wrote this one in B.C. D.C. O-section
If you don't believe me, go get bagged and check then
Cell number seventeen, up under the top bunk
I say this not to be mean, wish bad luck or pop junk
Pop the trunk on Cee Cipher Punk, leave him left scraped
God forbid, if there ain't no escape, blame MF tape
Definition "super-villain": a killer who love children
One who is well-skilled in destruction, as well as building
While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer
I'm trading science fiction with my man the live lifer
A pied piper holler a rhyme, a dollar and a dime
Do his thing, ring around the white collar crime
Get out my face, askin' ‘bout my case, need toothpaste
Fresher mint, monkey-style nigga get dentadent
And dope fiends still in they teens, shook niggas turn witness
Real mens mind their own business
That's the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that's double-dutch
How come I hold the microphone double-clutch
C.O.'s make rounds, never have ‘ox found
On shakedown, lock-down, wet dreams of Fox' Brown
On Doomsday!, ever since the womb
‘Til I'm back where my brother went, that's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?
Doomsday, ever since the womb
‘Til I'm back to the essence, read it off the tomb
Either engraved or unmarked grave, who's to say?
Pass the mic like "Pass the peas like they used to say"
Some M-er F-ers don't like how Sally walk
I'll tell y'all fools it's hella cool how ladies from Cali talk
Never let her interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang
Nicknames off nipplin' tip of nipples metal fang
Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang
Known amongst foes for flow without no talking orangutans
Only gin and Tang
Guzzled out a rusty tin can, me and this mic is like yin and yang
Clang! Crime don't pay, listen, youth
It's like me holding up the line at the kissing booth
I took her back to the truck, she was uncouth
Spittin' all out the sunroof, through her missing tooth
But then she has a sexy voice, sound like Jazzy Joyce
So I turned it up faster than a speeding knife
Strong enough to please a wife
Able to drop today's math in the 48 keys of life
Cut the crap far as rap
Touch the mic, get the same thing a Arab will do to you for stealing
What the Devil? He's on another level
It's a word! No, a name! MF - the Super-Villain!
Doomsday
Check the sound
Right around
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you MC
Ayo, yo, y'all can't stand right here
In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare
Loud enough to burst his right eardrum, close-range
The game is not only dangerous, but it's most strange
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
Saying, electromagnetic field it blocks all logic, Spock
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slid into the shitter, thought I killed her goose
Her Power U's was pure Brita water filter juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times
Better rhymes make for better songs, it matters not
If you got a lot of what it takes just to get along
Surrender now or suffer serious setbacks
Got get-back, connects wet-back, get stacks
Even if you gots to get jet-black, head to toe
To get the dough, battle for bottles of Mo' or 'dro
This fly flow take practice like Tae Bo with Billy Blanks
"Oh, you're too kind!" "Really? Thanks!"
To the gone and lost forever like "Oh My Darling Clementine"
He hold his heart when he telling rhyme
When it's his time, I hope his soul go to Heaven
He nasty like the old time Old No. 7
You still taste it when you chase it with the Coca-Cola
Make 'em wish they could erase it out the Motorola
I told her, "No credit for a bag
If you want what they got, then go get it, it's all gack"
Only in America could you find a way to earn a healthy buck
And still keep your attitude on self-destruct
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
Saying, "Electromagnetic feeling blocks all logical, Spock"
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slit her to the shitter, thought I killed her goose
Her Power U was pure Brita water filter juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money
We sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times
"In your arms tonight
She'll reflect
That she owes you the sweetest of debts
If she wants to pay"
Check it out, y'all! Ya don't stop! Keep on, to the sure shot!
Huh-ha! What the deal, god? Uh, uh, uh, uh, oh!
Yeah, you're listening to the buttery slickness
The Land-O-Lakes from my man MF DOOM!
Ha ha ha ha! Yeah!
Rock-shocking the house, with another nugget
Uh-uh-ah, eh, oh, ah, hoo-wee!
Yeah! Yeah!
Regulation status, right here
Fondle 'Em Recordings, 1999
Yeah!
Now what are you 'posed to say on the end of records?
I don't know! Yeah! Woo! Yeah!
Mashed potatoes!
Apple sauce!
Buttery... biscuits!
And I get lost
A yes, yes, yes, yes y'all
You don't stop
Keep on, a' to the break-a-dawn
Say what?
Uh!
Yeah!
You thought it all was over!
You thought the song was over!
Ah! We tricked you! We tricked you!
Ha ha ha ha... Woo!
You listening to www dot hairline dot com
MF DOOM, Kool Bob Love...
As the life cycle goes on ... goes on
And you learn to hold on (hold on)
To things like the mic ... the mic
And you learn to appreciate who is the nicest on said device
But who is (The finest)
Tommy Tashuma, too much drama, blind behind the rumor
Time and time and time, my mind, I'm trying to find a tumor
Tommy Tashuma, no time for humor
As soon as one of ya' men's dead in Hempstead
You trying to find Pumas
Sooner the better, even knitted a sweater already
Keep your leather, we coming through the brutal weather
We ready to do whatever, yo' Doom you with it?
You know it like a poet, my brother
Hey, Gunn you wit it? Whatever... [the finest!]
I know about going paid to broke, to next day well-off
To bust a shell off, to dick-riders: "Get the hell off"
Made a call to a client, he must've had his cell off
A show-off, he has the same bike Puff fell off
I tell off the bat, from science to pure facts
Which niggas is wack 'til they last two tracks
Matter fact, y'all could wait for the rep to tell
The tall-tale, how he escape from out the depths of hell
When die, he gon' die like a soldier die:
Holding a swollen eye, drinking Olde Gold
Smoking a stog, watching po-po patrol the beach
Blowing my high, rolling by, when Gunn die
He gon' try to preach the streets then go to the sky
Yup! That hold water, like drizzle in a paper cup
This one etched in stone, the chisel with the paper up
I need a cut: a taper-up, edge-up
Niggas can't measure up, I'm here to get the treasure up
Stands up and hold 'em high, do or die
He got heat, no surprise, stop the beat, close your eyes
Got the weed, rolling lah
Not sweet, so no demise, all the guys drops seeds so multiply
Within the prophecies hold the lie
He bled my mother and my father, but can't bleed me, OD
Ghetto misery, he bled my brother, my sister, but can't bleed me
A OG, ghetto misery, bled my mother, my father, but can't bleed me
Sci-Fly, whole style stuck up
Used to talk to myself, I told him, "Shut the fuck up!"
Buckle up, cause it's about to be rough
He said, "Keep talking that shit, you 'bout to be snuffed"
Then we squashed it, I let em know: "Watch it --
We only met a time to join these rhymers in the mosh pit"
Gosh, it feels great just to increase the chance
For a pussy nigga face to hit the dance floor
I pull ya' top up, got clout, crack rock, what?
Now it's all good business, and so this bitch is locked up
On the dance floor: you got knocked out, your bitch got knocked up
Baby-face, and hey can you brand you, brand new machete
Damn, I just shook your hand and can't stand you already
Can't stand you, understand you deadly
But my hammer's like a band, my man, it's Brand New and Heavy
Yo' DOOM, you ready?
Yeah! Yo' Gunn, you with it?
Whatever
Come on stay, I wrote this rhyme on my born-day
Remind me of the same style I flipped on "Hey!"
Yikes! Who can fuck with the likes
Of one such who scores touchdown and spikes mic's
Metal grill, with many styles, better still
Feel like number 26 on a roulette wheel
And deal, and run rings around rhymers
And run rings like number runners whose old-timers
Shorty in the all black, she think she all that
I called her, she said, "Don't call back!"
She called me, now what you call that?
Let's go back, I sold crack
Hold gats, smoke that, drink that, toke that
Fuck! Where that ho at? Where that dough at?
Suffering succotash! This hooker broke into his last buck of cash
He love her, motherfuck her ass
Metal feet dented your car fender
My agenda up in the basement party tipping the bartender
Is unbeknownst to you -- who could get body blown?
MF like Mike Fran Corleone
And got it sown, maricon, like to know what you staring at?
An invisible cat, who pull off a disappearing act
Raised by a pack a wild womens like Sweetback
Front? I'mma be back! (Like brothers in the street act)
(Surrounded by a bunch a bad bitches like Sweetback)
(Fuck with me I'll be back)
Like niggas in the streets act (streets act!)
Big up all the Monsta Island massive
And beware before I triple dare you like the last kid
Who asked me what we don't got that you got son
For one flow that's elementary, my dear Watson
Secondly, ever since I was little
Not so much to riddle, least rhyme to the syllable
Keep tracks that make a Arab thief clap
With no hands, I chopped these drums off, truly yours, G Rap
Actual fact, relax
In this land of lyrical lost, black, I'm not the cool Sleestak
The one who might stop and talk to you
Poisoned a few, niggas who be biting styles I'm like pork too
Ooh, what you got to lose? Let mud fly
When I got blues I chew whole crews that's bud dry
So I ask why the styes from the cess
Shit be fucking with my eye as I pull it to the chest
The super motherfucking villain grip the mic with an iron hand
Throwing MCs to the fire from out the frying pan
It ain't no use in trying, man, son stop crying
Fronting like you death-defying, you need to stop lying
Speak your piece only once you're spoken to first
Now let me hear your verse while I'm choking you
With well refined rhymes like a editor
Throw them to my collections of skulls and spines like Predator
Fuck around, the only niggas who could hear the same sound (Who?) was Jet Jaguar and James Brown
(yeah yeah, only them two)
Ain't you glad I took the time to write their names down to big 'em up (True, true)
I'd like to say, "Hi, it's Sci.Fly the odd Merlin"
That's quick to whip up a script like Rod Serling
Who eye on bad bitch who used to whip the Sterling
Who see God toke but never see God hurlin'
My man Grimm had his little monkey like Space Ghost
Me myself I got flavors that out-taste most
With numb gums, some rhymers is lactose
Back to you MF DOOM, you late show host
S to the U to the P E R-uh
Who chronicle these times in a 3D horror
Thriller porno co-starrer in a realer drama
Who break bread with stingy kin-men, indian borrower
Lone gunman who candidly flip fly flows
Single-handedly with one eye closed
In a fly pose, no shirt Alayé
May see me stack the quarter-mill cash pay
That's that n a smash way how he did it
Motherfucker probably couldn't peep it past a minute
Exquisite scripts, that quick shit, go with flow
That's how we do it though
You know when you're gonna come in?
Nobody will never ever, ever, really, really know
Because the more you know, the more you know that you don't know shit!
Niggas'll never run out of shit!
So much shit, so much scripts through here, niggas never run out of shit...
Enjoy the roller coaster ride
Walk the path of Jesus, witness if Hell freezes
The mind teases reality, crack the pieces
Nothing eases; being chastise with blood baptize
Guys revise, acknowledge past lives
Statements will be made, acknowledge me (Acknowledge me)
My mind is Heaven's gate so enter me (Enter me)
My mind is the gate to Hell, so try to flee (Try to flee)
Both gates look the same, which will it be?
Demons scream from thought process
Enter semen, child born, stress
Body want to sleep but the mind can't rest
Measure pleasure through financial progress
When it come to currency, love is nonexistent
Foes multiply, friends become so distant
Some hope you die, backstab in an instant
Foes I despise, disguised as allies
To sabotage, camouflage, loyalty is lies
To see God, look into my eyes
To see the Devil, then you look into my eyes
(As I rise from Hell's equator...)
Cause I'ma slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat 'em up
Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat it up
Speed it up, slow it up, speed it up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Take air, compress it, bless it, mix loops like Ku Klux
MF don't give two fucks
Nigga, quarterback blitz, popped, quickly fumble
Leave game with concussion, seeing stars and mumbles
This happens to any emcee that wants to rumble
Dynasties destroyed like Carringtons and Colbys
Noise, reduced, MF thinks in Dolby
Chop that ass in half like Obi-Wan Kenobi
Greatest of all time, God straight up told me
Greatest of all time, the Devil even told me
Icicles on surfaces of sun, we livin' coldly
Prophets be phony
And we attack, we switch like the Wu-Tang symbol
Still kill Jack even though quick and nimble, plain and simple
Pick niggas off while they ballin'
And die old like Stalin
Yes, Death, I hear you callin', I accept collect
Human sacrifice, must pay respect
We catch reck, nigga, we catch reck
And, we gonna, gonna
Cause I'ma slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat 'em up
Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
I remember when, last past November when
Clown kid got pounded in with the Timberlands
They left him trembling, he was not remembering:
Never tuck your denim in just to floss an emblem
Some would debate, "Wait, the fella ate gelatin
Or he been listening in to what his weathermens was telling him"
When I could feel it in my melanin, it's compelling
Us to break them off, no reassembling
No science-fiction to no theater near you, coming soon to
Fuck with you frequently like how phases of the moon would do
You could gather 'round like it was an eclipse
Just don't look directly to the bitch, you may be blinded by the scripts
Pass the L, the last to tussle in them shirttails
All hail, King Geedorah, the third rail
700 volts holds rap to a standstill
Fool ignore the rule, fuck up and get his man killed
Two bottles of Dom got his hands filled
And so goes the days of our lives as the hourglass sand spill
And built with Passion and a glass of the 'Ze
(And the lights went down and hey!)
And I knew it was the last day - Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reason
Mostly with these crimes of treason
And you'll be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening
From how he's feeling, thrilling choice of flow is sick
He's the villain with the million dollar voice-throw trick
He's like a ventriloquist, with his fist in the speaker's back
Couldn't think of no uniquer track, nope, sneak attack
It don't really matter how big them is. So much as a nipple
Cause you could have a chick with D-Triple
'Cept the nipple little, just hot off the griddle
Like how he do monkey rhymers, like Monkey-in-the-Middle by his damn self
Ain't no average MC ahead of me
Getting cheddar instead of the probably better pedigree
With nicknames, sick games as Rick James
Messy games, Sci Fly such as Jesse James
Blast, I figure, ass-hawking ass titty licker
Last one to walk up in, fast-talking city slicker
Got bagged cause of the dirty chick with make-up
Bail out quick for the 7:30 wake-up
My only backup was an A-cup, as far as May
To when the leaves turn red and gold to Nimrod earthday
All else? Worthless to say
(And the lights went down and hey!)
That's when I knew it was the first day - Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning
Mostly with these crimes of treason men
And y'all be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening
It's like a mosquito, the much sweeter resent the act
I been bent back since my Physical went back
Since, Cultured more of my kin
And for them I keep an L rolled in this hellhole
Hold your head, use your head and hold, or be dead and cold
In the worsest way, soon as the leaves show red and gold
To 'round Nimrod release day
And all else? Needless to say
Wait a motherfucking minute! True facts presented
The names was probably changed just to protect who ain't in it
The XP was three-quarters tinted, 4/5ths was converted
The way his shit was twisted? Ask him if it hurted
Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning
Mostly with these crimes of lying, and fronting, and cheating
All types of different styles of treason
Who you think I am, but who you want me to be?
When I rock, jock niggas in shellshock
Don't watch the birdie watch the clock go tick tock
I rip shop, I make ya girl's bottom lip drop
Yo word to the truckers at the pit stop I'm hip hop
I hold heat, never forget what niggas told me, they showed me
Other emcees trying to fold, me they owe me
Yo, plus them niggas mad slow G
I got my "Get U Now," so I'm comin with my homie
Here's the plan; stick 'em up, I enter, through the window
Stoop down so we can't see our crescendo
Pass the indo, yo we used to be our friend though
Yeah but thats the reason I don't really like to lend dough
From the corners cylindrical triangle hats says dunce
Lyrics precise like forensical science leave you entangled for months
Tryin' to figure who done it, you fronted
Got cha shit stunted, didn't have to be that way
Some saw the light comin' in, they shunned it
For the wickedness to those whose despise life and worship death
The established matched at eye for eye, tooth for tooth, breath to breath
These are the last days of the countdown, shit is just that drastic
Write journals, like they use the prophets, study math like a Aztec
Loved not for who you think I am, but who you want me to be
A true thuggin emcee, true thugs, with no strings attached
I wanna give you my slugs and don't wanna take em
Box sprays, but with my box cutter in my boxers
Shots sprayed, who on cops high says we rastas
Rockaway Boulevard, got love and obnoxious
Bout five cops today, my rock away
Niggas and rock rage, got paid
A rock, you know why I rock, meet me at the Lobster's
I suggest I should dress proper
Copped a buzz, I copped a dutch
I got a lotta love, with no strings attached
Rhymes, rhymes, rhymes, we got plenty
Dimes, dimes, dimes, too many
Sparked up and chat, you keep countin
I do my thing, jealous niggas keep doubtin
Rock 'n' roll, lock 'n' load
Emcees out for pots of gold, we stop 'em cold
In they tracks an take all they chips-eses
All they dats, all they bullshit mixeses
Give 'em a credit, not debt it
We just flipped the calistetic
Toss the Andy Pettitte, you said it
We grandslam in the never boss stand
Any pussy emcee's we abandon
Flew in from Monster Island just to rag shit wit jet lag
With brothers specializin ways how us not to get bagged
Egads! I bring confusion like roll call
To emcees so-called, hoes be like "yup I told y'all"
So socialize my bio so I dip dip dive
Memorize like I-omega zip drive
Go to the bar to drink to get soberer
King Geedorah eat the head of a king cobra like ginkoba
Kong get a cut like Kobe, now hold heat
So sweet, roll deep but no beef
Those that doze deep, close sheets
Po chose to speak with, reach over to reload the piece
Slip from freak to deak, keep concrete
Parallel to body til the next male
Shotties and hotty, still waitin to exhale
Smell the blood bath a slug's caught
Slugs passed and bloodsport
Bugged laugh, a bugged thought
Caught some eyes make the case last stack a locker
Bocker, drink a vodka, hit note, like Sinatra at a opera
Drop a flocker, Orville Redenbacher
Get you, got you, shot the two L's without the proper
For the albums knocker
Hit the liquor, quicker than a quicker picker upper
Girl and stick er, I leave more nuts than a snicker
Kick er to the curb, punk a bitch, stomp a chick
For now call me Kong, Monster Isle, Monster Click (Bow!)
[Outro: Megalon]
Loved not for who you think I am, but who you want me to be
True thuggin emcee, true thugs, with no strings attached
I wanna give you my slugs, and don't wanna take 'em back
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
I'd like to thank you all for joining us this evening
Let me know if y'all with me, y'all
Just a couple of things I wanna say
I only play the games that I win at
And stay the same with more rhymes than there's ways to skin cats
As a matter of fact, let me rephrase:
With more rhymes than there's ways to fillet felines these days
Watch the path of the black one: Supervillian
He wrecks clubs for delf in a drunken stupor, chillin'
Ready and willin' to inadvertently foil that
Plan of any rhymer, whiner or spoiled brat
Who got more snottier flows than snotty nose?
And holds mics like he knows karate body blows?
Nobody knows the trouble I see
From the MPV fly dirty tailin' the eye bubble eye thirty
For the record; this is some shit I just thought of, y'all
Science fiction that's not admissible ("Hey!") in no court of law
I live to rock mics 3-D
The only reason I seek to stop—to snuff the TV
I heard beats, they sound like karaoke
With monkey rhymers on a leash like don't have this fairy choke me
Hit 'em with a penny so we can get these peanuts
And I thought we was nuts, I used to get free cuts
They locks Lex Luthor up in Green Haven
Since when a nigga never really been too clean shaven
Misbehavin' rap stars need Listamint
Call me Mista Bent
I'm at where your sister went
Intelligent, used to write and be well spoke
Now all a nigga wanna do is fight and sell—("Hey!")
—tell a joke
This could lead to catastrophe
'Bout to stop the violence right after these last of three
Shots from the black bat got me at headlock
Holdin' on to sanity, by strands of that dreadlock
She told me, "Get off," I said, "Bitch!
Let me set this shit off so I can get rich right quick"
Then it hit me like the point of intoxication
Nigga, come out and rock this nation like ("Hey!") ox defacin'
A lot of niggas out is rusty like oxidation
In this world's strangest, most dangerous occupation
But you could do it, you the Super like in your building
Villian like trife Kinder is in All My Children
Plottin' and it sure to pay ends
With some real mature womens, and some more of they friends ("Hey!")
And when bad men roll tight, it's actual true
Like a pack of Big Bambú, with natural glue
Who grip necks of Becks to triple X?
He just came in 4-D: Follow the ripple effects
And it'll lead you right to him
Oh, snap!
It seems you walked into a trap, through rap
Zoinks!
This place is filled with pretender willies
One false move, and get broke off like end of Phillies
True believers
Ain't nothin new to a
Crook with special powers like how to tell the future uh-uh-
Rhyme of the month two page long
Bustin' off two gages with my cape on wrong
Son, it's on, remind me of a Raekwon tape song
With a fleet of super bad... Status: Rae Dawn Chong
Let me know if y'alls with me, y'all! ("Hey!")
National and geographic down to the titty-bar
Rep Monster Island City, y'all!
To all my brothers who is doin' unsettlin' bids
You could have got away with it if it was not for them
Meddlin' kids!
M-O-N-E-Y
Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N
Never understand what people's heads are in
Ask me what I need
A fly tramp, that's what she called me
Cause I don't wear no Stetson hats like Paul C
As y'all see, who give a fuck? Who know what is it?
These styles will be flipped to the absolute exquisite
It's like a blizzard, soon as I got home from ATL
Looked into my baby's face, my boo was like ... "Well!
I know your types of clientele! Thoughts, needs"
As I held her firmly, yet gentle as the soft sea
She said, "The one with the horse weave? The pretty one?
Or crazy, had to touch the tattoo through the short sleeve?
Which one you want?" I'm like, "If there was comp?
Fuck around, a nigga like me probably run up in all three!"
King Geedorah what they call me, either caesar or baldy
Probably have moved since last y'all saw me
On the D-low, I slaughter solo emcees, they paper-thin
In they Polo, Nautica, or DK men
Amen! It's funny how significance make a difference
Notice parables of three in every other inference
For instance: "Who wants to battle? On the real?
Choose your weapon: microphone, beats, or the wheels-of-steel"
I own a crown in all three for getting down without a doubt
I'd like to give a extra special out to Jet Jaguar, the sun, moon and star
The Monster Island Czars - y'all know who you are
Get that!
M-O-N-E-Y
Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N
Coming straight from the black lungs
I rip tracks for all players that pack guns
Stack ones in packs, done and doing back-to-back runs
To my peeps that close, so's ya' knows what's up
Y'all know the dough's quick, hoes that mess with 5-O shrimp like, "What?"
Like they wanna shmoosh us, just to packing the pushers
I'm packing gat then bust a cap at po-po
If they catch us and try to push us
Since when a MINY nigga don't be taking no shit?
I be that drug dealing nigga that be fucking ya' bitch!
What a fella! Like Salt, Pepa, Spinderella
I came to spark the deaf, dumb and blind like Helen Keller
If I'm not with George of the Jungle, if he not with Stella
Or either Priscilla, I'm doing dips on Godzilla
Though y'all know he don't play, right?
TNT throws a nigga out a moving van in broad daylight
And he was shackled by hands and feet
Then they say he tried to escape, once his face scraped the concrete
Near the curb on Monster Island, 103 Street
Where brothers run the risk of getting swallowed once the Beast eat
I'd rather lay in the cut, collect cash pay
Only TNT I see is Gilligan's castaway
With Mary Jane and Ginger
Oh, from which you spent the night by accident, I creep like a ninja
When the mack is bent, who can give one fuck?
Get bucked, get broke up like three-piece nun-chucks
Y'all sun struck, sick to they head-piece
Three-headed beast brings the drama to a dead cease
(Get that money, god)
Sick to they head-piece
(Get that money, god)
(Get that money, god)
(Get that money, god)
Greenbacks ... the meanest green stacks
M-O-N-E-Y
Never did a thing for L-O-V-I-N
Never
Ask me what I need, I need your
M-O-N-E-Y
Feel the magnetism between us (The mic)
Growing stronger and stronger (The mic)
Why don't we do it? (The mic)
I was in a case out of state
She was thirteen and good, we had a hotter date
It was just a number, she never told she was knocked up
By the end of the summer chick almost had me locked up
My aunt came and got me, and steadied the block
We bounced to the yeti, and I'm ready to rock
With no attachments, feelin a little loose
Blowin up in every spot, we had a little juice
Probably the Dom or the Afghani bud in me
We played the stage standin by the speaker and suddenly...
Who tapped me? I'm bout to get real ill
Already ripped the whole club with Metal Face's steel wheel
What a sweet surprise her with the fly eyes
And fine, she pulled me to the sidelines
The mystery shot up with strong words
She was an intelligent wisdom and a songbird
I met her last week at the same place
She stepped to me, the same way at a no shame pace
I'm off guard, her game had me choked up
Checkin me, play testin me, till I spoked up
Seven whole days and nights and not a word from you (not a word)
I was worried, I thought I woulda heard from you
Stranger, you know I never get enough of you
How you be comin through... (the mic!)
Myself and two a alikes had ran through this crew of three
In my earlier days they showed me things new to me
So we knew mad brothers who they had hit off
They even used to watch each other just to rock they shit off
When slovenly two smile and I'm scopin her
Switchin off three times a night made them more opener
So you could love Allah, or leave him the hell alone
Message from my godfather, solid gold telephone
Many of my men went up in smoke
While trickin with these chickens, and ended up broke
You find out who's ya mans when you broke
Like a bad joke, it's funny, when you on you got mad folk
I played the middle man in every little scam
Some as complex as a hip hop album riddle jam
I find it's quite intriguing as I think about rappers
Walk upon me speaking with they stinkin mouth (About what?)
About this and that from sneakers to hats to gats
Freak chicks with the cooty cat raps
And it's that cool the dice at that
I'm at a black tie affair with a diva with the fatty fat
I play the back, steady on the humble
But be right up front when we get ready to rumble
I gave her breath control, ask her who she learned off
Coulda took her back to the crib, somehow was turned off
Me and you... was overdue
From gettin together baby
I always knew our love was meant to be (The mic)
[Hook: Pebbles the Invisible Girl]
Feel the magnetism between us (The mic)
Growing stronger and stronger (The mic)
Why don't we do it? (The mic)
Goddamn it
Super motherfucking villain goddamn it
About to get these millions, stacks and shit
Yo, his dip tried to tell him
Ooh, you're like the sun
Chasing all of the rain away
When you come around, you bring brighter days
She told him
You're the perfect one
For me and you forever will be
He told her
I will rock this microphone ... always!
I hold the mic, like niggas hold their girls tight
But I ain't after her, probably your Acura pearl white
The hooker? Nah, as many times as I done hit it
To be specific more times than dimes in a briz-nick
When you broke North, I crashed the barbecue like Riddick
At the Garden, true, that's the God in me, pardon you
Jeepers! I was tore back, the ho gained access to my beeper
Called back my secretary gatekeeper
Like I ain't peep her, I said, "Darling you was stupid though
You know the Super Villain, (He is a super) ho"
I had this style ever since I was a child
I got this other style I ain't flip in a while, it goes
Pure scientific intelligence, with one point of relevance
Emcees whose styles need Velamints
And once the smoke clear, tell 'em it's
The Super motherfucking Villain, nigga came through raw like the elements
On 99 plus one of them
And with a flow to pull a fraud nigga file from out in front of him
When we with y'all, we had tons of fun
Me and my duns and them
Actual true and living sons of them
Dead planets and God-U's
Throwing divine rules to come through, we will over charge you's
Fool, and won't feel remorse for shit
Except for one time, once I had took my fronts out and lost them shits
Scientific going berserk like Red Alert
I really went to pick up wiznork for cheddar dirt
To fund these experiments is where I went
Obviously dead bent, and spent every red cent
To rule you, and still drop more jewels than schools do
Or even TV news that's designed to fool you (who?)
Yeah you, who hear the most grimy suggestions
From brothers with fly names and I.D. questions
That's a Secret like Victoria teddy sets that's edible
Them's not ready yet for the incredible
Team of MC's who broke all fakes
Who thought they were slaughter proof
Stomping through like North Face waterproof
Tat-tat, that's the end of that
After hit the bar where baby girl bartender at
I told her more wine, mingling with no single mentions of
Stay tuned for more spine tingling adventures of ...
By the way, I re-up on bad dreams, bag up screams in fiftys
Be up on mad schemes that heat shop like jiffy-pop(pop)
In a instant get smoked like Winston Cigarettes
Ho's get ripped off like Nicorette patch
In real life the real trife scene
Might snatch ya life like assault machine
Rifle, dead up setup like bull-fight
Be blunted how we like couldn't white or in full flight
The unemotional call me anti-social
On the run off the gun death tally commercial
Death valley is like rehearsal to the streets
To my peeps G.M., MF on the beat
Rhymes is chosen like the weapons of war
So keep from steppin on my floor or delivery front door
I bring it to ya'll motherfuckers master yours
My disaster cause: Hell... in gas drawls
The supervillain cooler than a million, I be chillins
Still quick to slice squares like Sicilians
Dont make me have to hurt them feelings
I'll ruin you in the dirt that I be doin in my dealings (while I'm)
Sendin spirits through the ceilin', chrome peelin'
Dome blown within the comforts of your own home
Grown big wheelin' and high rollin'
I hold the lye, it keeps the sty on my eye swollen'
Holdin, foldin the pal
Known as massive-versatile
I’d like to big-em-up Monsta Isle
[Break: MF DOOM]
Uummm, Yeah
I saw you in Hell with them gas drawls
To my brother Subroc and Black Ju
I crack brew for, two more, three men, two up
I hit the brew up like nobody knows how X the unseen feels
When giving crews a brush with death like between meals
Two times a day with brothers that's tight like a noose
With more rhymes in use than Dr. Seuss or motherfuckin' mother goose
X the suspicious flirter
Who every hooker hearda', next to malicious murda'
A track type vicious fulfillin the pipe wishes
The misses may be legal minus the baby eagle
Any given summer's eve don't breathe
Sixteen shots I do believe and one up the sleeve
Master of the O who predict ya last pause
I told y'all, Hell and gas drawls
Breakin glass and plastic jaw like federal drastic law
Fed up from fightin' secret war wit' them Fantastic Four (Invisible Bitch)
Versus Doom wit' the metal face before I go to state
The ho better settle case
The flow is at pedal pace steady like tricycles
Beware all suckas is froze like icicles (Bag 'em up)
And baggin' bitches like nickels
Cause I licked 'em where they tickle before I hit the clit though
I'ma split till I pronounce More hits than a ounce no doubt
About ta bounce, X the unannounced, I'm out
And I like to give a shoutout to the brother Jet Jaguar
Megalon and King Geedorah
I call this joint right here Gas Drawls
In Hell with yours
My servants began to forge what was to become the most dreaded costume on the face of the earth. The last thing to fit was the mask. Will it conform to my twisted features in comfort?
He cleans his metal mask with gasoline, they after him
Last seen pulling chicks like a fiend pull a fast one
Can't put shit past him
Got niggas on his own team mad enough to blast him
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man
Stand close to his main man like a chain gang
Who give a fuck about who or they fancy crew
That's no mystery, like Hardy Boys do with Nancy Drew
Saw her with her drawers down, caught her
The extorter bring slaughter like "Well I oughta"
I suggest you hand over the formula, 'dullah
A villain in your land, in his land a ruler
Hard hitting like puffing a woolah with Lieutenant Uhura
Every day feel like it's an off day with Ferris Bueller
Brother pull heat to prove they not sweet
No matter how you spell it, we still got beats
Don't question how we live, question what we give
Take it to the next leave 'em where they can't see me
Still they judge, but they be butt ass
Twist that wig like a muppet, keep it simple, can't truss it
Light's the fuel, mic is the tool
Drink Jack, kick back, drop jewel, finish what I start
Mastered the art, living hell can't explain it
Inhale confuse it more, cop the .44
Contemplate, meditate, dictate
I direct my direct fate, coming of late
Kurious, can I say, "Shit?"
Do it for CottleRock, do it for K.Nit
K-N-I-T, Sub R-O-C
(Eternally for M-I-C)
Only we save we
By candlelight my hand will write these rhymes 'til I'm burnt out
Mostly from experience, shit that I learned about
Topics and views, generally concerned about
With different ways to come up and earn clout
I take a look at my life and pace the trails
From Tablik and savage females with fake nails to face veils
You out your frame but still bagging 'em too
You know I know, these hoes be asking me if I'm you
Like my twin brother, we did everything together
From hundred raka'at salats to copping butter leathers
Remember when you went and got the dark blue Ballys?
I had all the different color Cazals and Gazelles
The "SUBROC" three-finger ring with the ruby in the "O", ock
Truly the illest dynamic duo on the whole block
I keep a flick of you with the machete sword in your hand
Everything is going according to plan man
Tossing, turning, dreams of murder, someone's killing me
Of changes, there's nights I'm on a killing spree
All done cold blood waking up in cold sweats
This is such a cold world unconscious getting death threats
Shadows choking me, my last breath lets out my body
It's a conspiracy, my mind and my body's not really down with me
Me against the whole world? It's a little deeper
Me against my self, I fight the Grim Reaper
Swing sickle, I got my Glock bust rounds off
Demented, schizophrenic, I know this sounds off to you
I do not lie, when I doze off spirits hope I die, whatever
Angels waste the time, they work together
Scheme and plot on me, cause I'm the son of man
I hear voices from a dog like Son of Sam
Don't give a damn if the bullets fill me
I don't wanna live, I hope they kill me
Put me out my misery, I live in misery
I kill all my enemies, cause I love company
Those who seek me, are called wise men
Or either wise-guys I pray you comprehend
And realize I'm condemned
No rest, homicidal dreams
My cellmate, all he do is scream
Out loud how he wants to go home
That's funny, I'm here all alone
Locked, in a single cell
His back's bleeding, he's cold as hell
And I'm hoping, they turn on some heat
I call the C.O. to bring some extra sheets
"Where'd he go?" he walk through walls, run halls, I pray "teach me"
They don't see him at the health they try to reach me
I said "please see how he feels"
They said, "He's alright but he's not real"
Evaluations say I suffer from depression
Hallucinations, self-creations, what they're guessin'
I'm here doing years, I'm stressin'
Medicate me, sedate me want me to rest an'
Don't take it cause he said that won't be best an'
He said I need his help and he needs me
"Nigga you walk through walls, go home you're free"
Home, that was far and he was turned off
Cause his wings was burned off
A lesson was learned, communicate with one
I was chosen cause I'm God's son
And I'm the retarded one!
(*sings*) Out in the streets
You won't survive with, wack-ass beats ("We can see that!")
These days and times
Watch as we get ours with rhymes
To my Metal Face bros with stomachs of cast-iron
Who been in to win and blast to the last siren
On the slow-mo the calm artist with the so-so chick
Chased them all like how he did to Slobodan Milosovik
Anyhoo, how 'bout them Yankees?
Once I leave off-stage the party people thanks mee's
If I may speak freely nasty like the freaky-deeky
At your local sleazy speak-easy
For any fan of the limelight
In the mic stand was left a lit stick of dynamite
It's risky business like hand-to-hand crack sale
With rappers who's better off on the cover of Black Tail
Jumpin Jehosaphat, who's that?
Who cats who do magic be like "tell me how you do's that"
Heck no, especially those who cop pleas like gecko
Thought I might do techno
Ha ha, betcha bust out laughing at the bet
For no reason he get cussed out like Tourettes
Yet tight flow to make her bad-ass stutter
Or even crack a smile from a mad fast cutter
Butter, word play since third grade age
Back when we used to play "Bang! Open bird cage"
Hip hop's Benny Hill sip Henny straight, get every penny weighed, then he chill, at any rate
My metal-face hoes with tongue or (at) least eye ring
Do yourself, I will continue to do my thing
Like Kung-Fu fighting everybody was biting
And the super-villain strike again like lightning
In the same spot (bzzz!) now what's the chance of that?
And a name-drop like pick the name out the hat
That's a no jiver from the, liver conniver
Who vote players out the rap game like Survivor while I
Drop through greens like a nerd cat with intended speech from way back
And spin on your back and then freeze
While I play high-ball, low-ball, to zero
So called rhymers, go call Cleo
While I, steal the show like thought-so-try-hiking
Super-duper stars need Ortho-TriCylin
Sometimes the men, mostly from the women
I hear voices saying that's the super-villain
(Uhh, I hear voices)
Mostly from the women, I hear voices... super-villain